Welcome to the January 2020 Beginning Python class!

We will use this Git repo for many things in class.  Particularly, all
the HTML slide decks used in class are stored here, for your review.
You can find the exercise text here, and once an exercise is complete,
the answer key code.  You will add your code here.

DIRECTORIES IN THIS REPO

html: This contains the slides we use in class.  Open any of the
.html files with your browser to see that deck's slides.  Navigate
using the arrow keys.  Most movements are to the right, but some decks
have a downward track as well (look for the arrows in the
lower-right corner as a hint).  Press the escape key to see a map of
slides.

exercises: Here we will put the instructions for class exercises, as
well as our demo code, once the exercise is complete.

students: Find your name in this directory, and keep all your class
code here.  This allows the instructors to review your code very
easily, and allows you to see what other students are doing.

DOWNLOADING THIS REPO

To clone this repo, click the "Clone" button in the upper right hand
corner of the Gitlab window, and copy the text there, which starts with
"git clone".  If you don't already have an SSH key set up with Gitlab,
use the HTTPS clone command, and we'll help you set up a key during
class.  Paste this into a terminal window, and when you run it, it will
copy all the files down to your computer.  Make sure you use the "cd"
command to change the current working directory to the place you want
to have your code -- I keep my programming files in a directory called
"devel", but you can do anything you like.  Just make sure you can find
it again.

CLASS TIMES

We meet every Thursday at 2 PM Pacific time (5 pm Eastern time), at

https://disney.zoom.us/j/95842500730?pwd=OGRSbmtWaElKdTlDOWZFZzhTbkFkZz09

In addition, we have office hours every Thursday at 11 am Pacific time,
which is a free-form time to bring problems or questions to discuss in
an informal environment.

Adding a line to demonstrate git.
